bring in Turner he gives them the
flexibility to move Jordan to that
forward position well they're going to
go with speed and feet on the defense
right now get up and press Elston Turner
was a guy was doing a great job of
stopping the fast break the push up on
the ball against the Knicks 15 on the
shot clock Ewing 14 for Patrick Ewing
the man who brought the Knicks back
Christmas Day against the Celtics it
gets so in the habit of being
double-teamed and turning away from the
double-team and he has the ability to
out leap a lot of the synergy lay
against every minute and 11 seconds on
the shot clock and an illegal defense
and that'll be a technical foul against
the mix that's the second time looking
at Bob Hill and you know Pat Riley
noticed hill in one of the games at
Madison Square Garden and saw that he
was a dapper dresser see the suspenders
that Bob Hill is wearing and Riley who
would know thing says you know that guy
ought to get a suspenders endorsement
Jackson hits the technical right now he
just hope his pants up the way things
are going from this year he spends a
whole not worrying about Randall waiters
comes in for Oakley who goes out of the
game having scored only one point and he
went in is the second leading scorer at
14 and a half but he cleared the board
nine times
to lead his team 19 on the shot clock a
differential of two seconds with the
game clock the Knicks 56 things going to
get it let's see granville waiters oh
hey by Ewing oil go down three seconds
to go Tucker drives in from the basket
don't go to him call
no basket
and that's the end of the first half
with the Knicks leading 45